---
title: About Us
permalink: /about-us/about-us/
description: ""
---
The **Singapore Clinical Research Institute (SCRI)** has deep roots in the nation’s commitment to advancing clinical research. The journey began with the establishment of the Clinical Trials & Epidemiology Research Unit (CTERU) in November 1996. Initiated by the Ministry of Health (MOH) and funded by the National Medical Research Council (NMRC), CTERU was envisioned to provide essential infrastructure support for not-for-profit-sector research. With a clear mandate, CTERU embarked on multi-centre clinical trials, epidemiological studies, and evidence-based medicine studies, all benchmarked to international standards. 

**Fast-forward to September 2008**, a significant transformation took place. CTERU underwent a restructuring to emerge as SCRI, the national academic clinical research institute. This transition was not just a change in name but a leap in vision and capabilities. Building on the solid foundation laid by CTERU, SCRI aimed to develop enhanced resources and capabilities to foster intellectual and scientific leadership in the field of clinical research. A central aspect of this evolution was the emphasis on providing the necessary infrastructure to facilitate collaborative clinical research, ensuring that the research conducted was both cutting-edge and relevant to the needs of the community. 

Today, SCRI stands as a business unit under the **Consortium for Clinical Research and Innovation, Singapore (CRIS)**. CRIS operates as a subsidiary of Ministry of Health Holdings (MOHH), further solidifying SCRI’s position in the national clinical research landscape. In addition, SCRI works closely with the National Medical Research Council, assisting the Ministry of Health in formulating and implementing clinical trials policy. This collaboration also focuses on strategic initiatives aimed at supporting and nurturing clinical research competencies within Singapore.

Furthermore, SCRI’s commitment to enhancing Singapore’s clinical research ecosystem is evident in its collaborations with clinicians. These partnerships are pivotal in strengthening Singapore’s expertise in executing multi-site, multi-national studies. Additionally, SCRI plays a significant role in the development of regional clinical research networks, ensuring that Singapore remains inter-connected and influential in the broader clinical research community. 

With its partners and a dedicated team, SCRI is poised to push the boundaries, making impactful contributions to the field, and ensuring that Singapore remains a global leader in clinical research advancements.