---
title: Distinguished Contributor Award for CRCs 2023
permalink: /news-and-events/news/pdistinguished-contributor-award-for-crcs-2023/
date: 2024-01-24
layout: post
description: ""
image: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<p>Congratulations to the nine Clinical Research Coordinators (CRCs) who received the Distinguished Contributor Award for CRCs for their dedication to the profession and outstanding contributions to Singapore’s research community.</p><p>Held on 24 January 2024, this is the fourth year the award has been presented since its launch in 2019, and there were 34 nominations received from the public healthcare institutions.</p><p>Presented by the Singapore Clinical Research Institute (SCRI), the Distinguished Contributor Award recognises exceptional clinical research coordinators for their commitment, dedication and significant contributions to the profession and clinical research community.</p><p>CRCs form the bedrock of Singapore’s clinical research ecosystem. They are instrumental in not just driving clinical research but more importantly, ensuring the quality of the clinical research studies.</p><p>The role of a CRC encompasses a multitude of end-to-end responsibilities in managing clinical research studies, from protocol development, budgeting and ensuring regulatory compliance, to helming participant recruitment and tracking quality data management, as well as looking out for patient safety. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>CRCs have the fundamental skills and knowledge to set up and manage complex clinical trials. With the right mix of talent and spirit of excellence, CRCs help bring science and innovation into our clinics and hospitals to achieve better outcomes for our patients.</p><p>The nine winners have demonstrated outstanding professional competence and leadership in various aspects of clinical research operations and administration, and displayed tremendous dedication to their job and passion to empower the next generation of CRCs in their team.</p><p>The SCRI Academy congratulates all recipients for making a difference to the clinical research community.</p><p><strong>Award Categories</strong></p><p>There are three categories for the Distinguished Contributor Award – <strong>Distinction</strong>, <strong>Merit</strong>, and <strong>Finalist</strong>.</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><strong>One Distinction Award </strong>comprising a $3,000 cash award for professional development and an award certificate.</p></li></ul><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><strong>Three Merit Awards</strong> each comprising a $1,000 cash award for professional development and an award certificate.</p></li></ul><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><strong>Finalist Awards</strong> each receiving an award certificate</p></li></ul><p><strong>Recipients of the Distinguished Contributor Award for CRCs 2023</strong></p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>No.</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Distinction Award</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Geraldine Lim, Manager Clinical Trials and Research Unit, Changi General Hospital</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Merit Award</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Chew Ying Jia, Senior Clinical Research Coordinator, Department of Surgery, National University Hospital</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Germaine Liew, Senior Clinical Research Coordinator, Children’s Blood and Cancer Centre, Haematology / Oncology Service, KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Lily Wong, Nurse Manager, Department of Medicine, National University Hospital</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Finalist Award</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Rachael Ho, Senior Clinical Research Coordinator, Investigational Medicine Unit, National University Hospital</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Nur Qasrina Iskandar Lim, Clinical Research Coordinator, Department of Medicine, National University Hospital</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Regine Lim, Clinical Research Coordinator, Haematology-Oncology Research Group, National University Cancer Institute Singapore</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>4</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Liu Lin, Assistant Manager, Department of Medicine, NUS Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>5</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Agnes Teo, Senior Clinical Research Coordinator Department of Women’s Anaesthesia, KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital &nbsp;</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p>